So as we break into the exercise,
right, this is a good opportunity for
you to answer this question for yourself.
And we have a series of just
kind of making observable,
all sorts of different things, so you
got to see me do it, the simple version,
now I give you the hard
version cuz that's fair.
And you kind of go through some of the
basic versions and kinda yeah, exactly.
Answer that question for yourself and
find out how exactly we would go about
testing asynchronous value versus
a synchronous value, so on and so forth.
Cool, so I'm gonna give you a little
bit time to download npm install,
all that fun stuff.
There are instructions
on the site as well.
If you just wanna run the tests for
creating observables,
which is where we're gonna
be doing this next exercise,
you just run npm test creating or
only run those tests.
You do need to unskip them, and
then we will kind of go
through them each together.